I think my biggest strength would have to be my ability to show others
something that I know very well. So, for instance, when I was in the
military, we would have to explain how the propulsion system works
to people who had no idea about it, who were cooks, or journalists
or media representatives. So they would come, have no idea about engineering,
have no idea about what steam, is what electricity is, how
it works. And by the end of that, my little tour, they had to kinda
understand it, they had to have a board they'd run, they'd have to
kinda explain what I told them. And for the most part everyone told
me, you know what, I understand it now. Everyone said, wow, you know
like, that's so interesting, have few questions, but I think that I
got it.  No one came away confused. I think that's one of my strengths.
When I try to teach kids English, English I know really well, so
I can explain like, simple concepts very very good. So education is
my strength